Role: Sr. Sales Engineer - North Central Enterprise

Job Description:

Rubrik’s sales organization is a united group of elite cross-functional sales professionals that help companies & government entities achieve resilience against cyberattacks, malicious insiders, and operational disruptions. We offer continuous professional development through our world class sales enablement program and our One Rubrik selling approach provides all the resources you need to exceed your goals, maximize your earnings potential and take your career to the next level. All this while doing something that truly matters, protecting the world's data.

As a Sr. Sales Engineer, you will provide technical direction and business guidance to the regional sales team. We are seeking a self-starter who will exceed sales quotas by driving innovative technical programs, pipeline generation alongside AEs, customer demonstrations, POCs, and overseeing day-to-day account-level activities. You will be responsible for evangelizing, positioning, and architecting Rubrik’s products to a targeted list of new & existing strategic customer accounts in the North Central Region.

What You'll Do:

Provides technical leadership and direction to customers and internal staff in the development of fully integrated technology solutions in support of pre-sales activities in the assigned market.
Assists in the analysis, design and development of fully integrated technology solutions.
Demonstrates technical leadership and subject matter expertise on Rubrik’s products, distributed architectures, file systems, and competitive storage offerings in the SAN product space.
Acts as technical expert and consultant to develop and propose solutions that meet the technology and business requirements of assigned customers.
Makes technical and sales presentations to customer's technical staff and senior management.
Serves as a trusted technology advisor to customers and serves as an internal resource on technical issues or specific business applications within an assigned market segment.
Successfully builds relationships with the account team, partners and customers in support of sales team objectives and engages and leverages corporate resources, abilities, budgets and personnel as appropriate.
Leads technical sales calls
Qualifies sales opportunities in the terms of customer technical requirements, competition, decision making process and funding.
Preferred Qualifications:

5+ years of sales engineering experience preferably in a software or data center environment.
Driven – need for success, highly energetic with a strong hands-on, “can do” approach.
The successful candidate must have a fundamental breadth of technical knowledge in cloud data management, backup and disaster recovery and data analytics.
Entrepreneurial - willing to go the extra mile, strong work ethic, resourceful, “get it done” attitude
Strives in moving in a fast-paced environment; including handling multiple calls/demos per day with immediate follow up.
A high level of business acumen and experience working with Cx0 level personnel, bringing technology solutions to solve business challenges.
Smart, adaptable and open-minded